Hi, and welcome to Project One,
where we are going to build and design Twitter.
Now, I wanna make a very quick point
'cause you will hear me say design
quite a bit throughout this course.
Especially because it's a systems analysis
and design course.
But when I say design, I do not
mean building the user interface
that is a completely different course,
that is when you are building
the way that the users are gonna interact
with that at a very high level
and a user interface,
kind of perspective.
When I say design I'm talking about how the system
is architected and as a developer,
when you're working in an office
and someone comes up and they say
they want you to design this system.
Most likely they're gonna be talking
about what were doing, so what we
are going to be doing in Project One,
with designing and building Twitter,
is we are gonna take a two pronged approach to it.
If you remember back to the UML course
remember that UML diagrams are broken into
two categories, they are structural and behavioral,
now for the structural class
or the diagram we are gonna be doing
is the class diagram and remember the class
diagrams are the go to diagram for structural designs.
They are the types of diagrams that can
pretty much be taken and translated
directly into code.
They are how you can configure your system
to set up your database associations
it list out all your attributes
it lists out all your method names, everything like that.
So that's gonna be the first one, we're going to build
the entire class diagram for Twitter
now that's gonna be pretty comprehensive
in order to complete this project.
You will need to build a user class, a tweet class
a retweet class, a preference class
a security class, a message class
a hashtag class, a reply class,
a like class, a location class,
a image class
and then you're also gonna have to
create a class for users to follow
other users and so the part that
you need to do with this is when
you build this diagram, each one of
those classes is going to represent its
own database table and it's gonna be its own entity.
You have to list inside of there, each one
of the attributes inside of that class.
I am not gonna tell you which ones
to use, you can go back and look
at Twitter to see what they used.
They do not have to be identical,
you simply have to go and build
it in the way that you personally think is best.
As far as operations go,
those are those type of actions,
remember those are method names
so it might be a posted tweet or show a tweet
or get all tweets.
There's all kind of different
method names that you could use.
Now I am not going to, and your
instructor is not gonna grade you
on how everyone's solutions's gonna look like mine
or the instructors.
That is not the point of this project
and it's not the point of any of these projects,
each one of these is going to be flexible,
you do have to build classes and go with the full list
that I just gave you, but there is flexibility
inside of those in regards to the attribute names,
and the method names and how all of those work.
What I want you to do is to put yourself
in the mindset, like you are back in time,
and you were the developer that they
tasked with building Twitter.
And I want you to design the entire system that way.
So I want you to pick out all of those class names
and add the attributes that you
think make the most sense, and then
most importantly, I want you to set up
those relationships, so a user can have many tweets.
Remember that implementing multiplicity, you need to be
able to show how that association works.
Each one of these classes is gonna be connected in some way
or another, to another class.
Not one of these is a stand alone entity,
so that's a very important concept to keep in mind,
so that's the first one.
That's the structural diagram,
the next one is gonna be the behavioral.
And for that, I want you to build a use case diagram,
remember that use cases are very high level,
and they're a great way of visualizing the types
of authorizations that users have.
Now for Twitter the different
requirements I want you build the use case
diagram are gonna be for a user and a follower.
Those are gonna be the two actors
that are gonna be integrated
for this diagram were gonna have as
far as actions go, we gonna have the ability
to post tweets, retweets, likes,
and messages and then feel free to put
any other kinds of optional types of features in there,
like the ability to post a message,
or see a message or the ability to post an image.
I wanna leave that up to your own creativity,
and also with the way that you personally think
that it should be built out.
So now that you know the requirements,
good luck on the project.